W-16334397 cloud connector alt text - A (#2658)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: azure-service-bus-management/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/azure-service-bus-management-connector-studio.adoc

The following screenshot shows an example of configuring shared access signature (SAS) authentication. This screenshot uses property placeholders for field values. For information about using property placeholders, see xref:connectors::introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc[Anypoint Connector Configuration].
+
.SAS authentication fields

> image::azure-sb-mgmt-authentication.png["To configure SAS authentication, complete the fields on the General tab"]

Author: ```suggestion
image::azure-sb-mgmt-authentication.png["SAS authentication config fields on the General tab"]
```
